Let Yao Mingxuan invest in Liu's
If it weren't for this funding
You'll never see your father again
Me neither
Can you see that I have such an excellent daughter?
Stop crying.
Ah, what are you doing?
Dad knows you resent me and your sister
We don't want you to forgive us.
But I hope you can accept it.
We sincerely repent
Don't do this
If you don't agree, don't forgive us.
We are ashamed
Dad, get up
What did you call me?
Dad, hey, hey.
Sister, get up soon, get up
Sister, I have always wanted to have a sister since I was a child
Now I finally have a sister
I will definitely be good to my sister in the future
Haha, you are still young.
There's a long way to go.
As long as you are jealous
You are still my good sister
Definitely haha
Daughter hahaha